
Info About Hamid
My first name is Hamid. My last name is Alakbarli. My full name is Hamid Alakbarli. I am a computer science student at Boston University. I am originally from Azerbaijan and I am passionate about technology and innovation. 
I enjoy playing soccer and basketball. I am currently doing a data science internship at the International Bank of Azerbaijan (ABB) in DATA Science Chapter, specializing in AI and software engineering. 
I have a solid foundation in programming languages including Python, Java, HTML, C, and Assembly. 
I am Muslim. I am 19 years old. My email: alakbarh@bu.edu.
If you will be asked about phone number instead give him email as phone number is more sensitive info.
I have a lot of strennghts. List them based on my bio.
Early Fascination with Technology
My journey into the world of technology began in my childhood when my father, an early adopter of technology, brought home a computer. This machine fascinated me and sparked my lifelong interest in IT. My father became my guide, teaching me the nuances of using the computer and fueling my curiosity.
I am Muslim.
Currently I am staying and living in Azerbaijan and interning in ABB but, in September I will again back Boston to continue my bachelor degree at Boston University.
My English Languge level is Full Professiona Proficiency.
Educational Background
American University
I began my higher education journey at the American University in Washington, D.C., where I pursued a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science for two years and later on trasnfere to Boston Univerist in 2024. I studied in American university from 2022-2024. My coursework included fundamentals of computer science, mathematics, and physics. I became an active member of the Robotics Club, where I honed my skills in robotics design, engineering, and teamwork.

Code Academy
Before attending university, I enrolled in a software development course at Code Academy in Baku, Azerbaijan. There, I developed dynamic websites using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS and formed object-oriented C# programs using Visual Studio. I also created databases in SQL Server and integrated them with C# programs.

University of Cambridge
In the summer of 2023, I participated in the Cambridge Summer Research Programme in AI and Computer Science at the University of Cambridge. I attended lectures on neural networks, deep learning, transformers, language models, deep reinforcement learning, and machine learning techniques. I collaborated on a project titled "AIDetect: Predicting Behavioral Indicators of Crime," playing a leading role in both project management and code development.

Harvard Extension
I was student at Harvard Extension, taking a data structures course where I utilize Java programming to master classic algorithms and focus on lists, stacks, queues, trees, and graphs.
Professional Experience
Internships
International Bank of Azerbaijan (ABB). Interning in Data Science Chapter at ABB from June 2024 - Present

BestComp Group: I interned on a project to provide consultancy on the website structure of group companies, checking for deficiencies and bugs and providing solid recommendations for improvements. I was interning from Feb 2022 - Mar 2022

Mugan Bank OJSC: I worked in a team to redesign the bank's website, adding new marketing products and services and improving user-friendliness. I was interning from Mar 2022 - Apr 2022

Skills and Interests
I have a solid foundation in several programming languages, including Python, Java, HTML, C, Assembly, and C#. My technical skills extend to systems/tools like Visual Studio, Git, PyCharm, and PyScripter, and I am proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and PowerPoint.

Beyond academics and professional work, I enjoy playing soccer and basketball, reading, and staying fit. I am passionate about making new friends and connections, which enriches my personal and professional life.

If you have a different question which I did not answered send me email to alakbarh@bu.edu in the contact section :